ISPN-13260 planning and performance docs (#9512)
infinispan/infinispan: documentation/src/main/asciidoc/topics/con_xsite_auto_offline.adoc

[id='cross-site-automatic-offline_{context}']
= Automatic offline parameters for backup locations

When network issues occur or remote sites become unavailable, {brandname} can automatically take those backup locations offline.
This prevents {brandname} from continually re-trying failed cross-site replication operations, resulting in excessive CPU usage for nodes.

You can configure {brandname} to automatically take backup locations offline using:

> * Timeout values

Reviewer: "Timeout values" seems too abstract to me, both here and as a header. And I'm not sure the xsite timeout belongs here, because
1. The timeout is also used to report failures to the application, with sync xsite
2. The request can also fail because the remote site doesn't have any node in the bridge cluster, long before the timeout expired (right @pruivo ?)

IMO the intro should say something about why this "take offline" stuff is needed at al, e.g.

{brandname} does not detect when a remote site is unavailable directly: the failure of individual nodes is not relevant, as other nodes from the remote site may later replace the failed node in the bridge cluster.

Still, sending and re-sending backup requests is expensive, so {brandname} can take a remote site offline when it stops accepting backup requests for a long time. (NB. tracking the incomplete requests also costs RAM, not just CPU)

{brandname} decides when to take a remote site offline based on the number of failed sequential requests and the time interval since the first failure. A request is considered failed when the target site does not have any nodes in the bridge cluster, or when a timeout expires before the target site acknowledges the request.

Reviewer 2: yes, Infinispan fails immediately if not relay node from the remote site is live.

Author: @danberindei Great comment. I've made some changes. I've changed the second level heading to "Backup timeouts" to match the Infinispan configuration and help with scan-ability.

You can also specify how long to wait before taking sites offline when backup operations fail.
If a backup request succeeds before the wait time runs out, {brandname} does not take the site offline.

One or two minutes is generally a suitable time to wait before automatically taking backup locations offline.
If the wait period is too short then backup locations go offline too soon.
You then need to bring clusters back online and perform state transfer operations to ensure data is in sync between the clusters.

> You can also set a negative or zero value for number of failures to use only a minimum time to wait to take backup locations offline, for example:

Reviewer: Based on Pedro's reply below, I suggest

```suggestion
A negative or zero value for number of failures is equivalent to a value of `1`.
{brandname} will use only a minimum time to wait to take backup locations offline after the a failure, for example:
```

You can also specify how long to wait before taking sites offline when backup operations fail.
If a backup request succeeds before the wait time runs out, {brandname} does not take the site offline.

> Within the range of one or two minutes is generally a suitable time to wait before automatically taking backup locations offline.

Reviewer: I'd simplify this

```suggestion
One or two minutes is generally a suitable time to wait before automatically taking backup locations offline.
```

If the wait period is too short then backup locations go offline too soon.
You then need to bring clusters back online and perform state transfer operations to ensure data is in sync between the clusters.

You can also set a negative or zero value for number of failures to use only a minimum time to wait to take backup locations offline, for example:

[source,xml,options="nowrap",subs=attributes+]
----

> <take-offline after-failures="-1"

Reviewer: It's not clear how this is different from `<take-offline after-failures="1"` /cc @pruivo

Reviewer 2: it is not.
`-1` just means Infinispan will not count the failures but you need 1 failure to start the timer :)
